Document the upcoming Linux SDK release (#268)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/linux/reference-memfaultd-configuration.mdx

    "output_file": "/tmp/swupdate.cfg"
  },
  "reboot_plugin": {
    "uboot_fw_env_file": "/etc/fw_env.config"
  }
}
```

### Top-level `/etc/memfaultd.conf` configuration

| Field                      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Recommended value                         |
| -------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| `queue_size_kib`           | Size of `$data_dir/queue` in kibibytes.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | 1024                                      |

> | `refresh_interval_seconds` | The frequency (in seconds) with which `memfaultd` will attempt to flush its queue and post it to Memfault. Note that a recovery system with exponential back-off is in place for network failures, but it does not interfere with the regular refresh interval. | 3600                                      |

Reviewer: Removed that last statement as I think it raises more questions than it answers.

```suggestion
| `refresh_interval_seconds` | The frequency (in seconds) with which `memfaultd` will attempt to flush its queue and post it to Memfault. Note that a recovery system with exponential back-off is in place for network failures. | 3600                                      |
```

> | `enable_data_collection`   | Whether `memfaultd` should collect and post data to Memfault. Read more [here][docs-enable-data-collection].                                                                                                                                                    | `false` (ask for user consent first)      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `enable_data_collection`   | Whether `memfaultd` should collect and post data to Memfault by default. Read more [here][docs-enable-data-collection].                                                                                                                                                    | `false` (ask for user consent first)      |
```

| `software_version`         | The current version of your software. Read more [here][docs-software-version].                                                                                                                                                                                  | _Project-specific_                        |
| `software_type`            | The current version of your software. Read more [here][docs-software-type].                                                                                                                                                                                     | _Project-specific_                        |
| `project_key`              | A write-only key for your Project. Find yours in <ProjectMagicLink path="/settings" title="Open Project -> Settings in your Project">**Project -> Settings**</ProjectMagicLink> in the app.                                                                     | _Project-specific_                        |

> | `data_dir`                 | A directory where `memfaultd` can store application data persistently (needs to survive firmware upgrades). Read more [here][docs-data-dir].                                                                                                                    | _Project-specific_                        |

Reviewer: would be nice to learn more about what's stored here (e.g. user-consent but also the queue from above)

Author: Leaving this for later, but good point

| `swupdate_plugin`          | Our plugin for OTA. Included in `memfaultd` by default. Read more [here][docs-control-memfaultd-plugins].                                                                                                                                                       | See [`swupdate_plugin`](#swupdate_plugin) |

> | `reboot_plugin`            | Our plugin for reboot reason tracking. Included in `memfaultd` by default. Read more [here][docs-control-memfaultd-plugins].                                                                                                                                    | See [`reboot_plugin`](#reboot_plugin)     |

Reviewer: I think the "Description" column for these plugins is confusing. Should we rather say something like

"Configuration values for XYZ if enabled in `memfaultd` (default). [Read more]()." ?

### `swupdate_plugin`

```json
{
  "swupdate_plugin": {
    "input_file": "/etc/swupdate.cfg",
    "output_file": "/tmp/swupdate.cfg"
  }
}
```

| Field         | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Recommended value   |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |

> | `input_file`  | Will be used as the base SWUpdate configuration when generating `$output_file`. May specify a `suricatta` section (gets merged with generated parameters) but not an `identify` section (gets overwritten). See [upstream SWUpdate docs][swupdate-cfg-docs]. | `/etc/swupdate.cfg` |

Reviewer: > "but not an `identify` section

This reads as if the plugin fails if present. Truth is that it will simply be replaced, correct? How about

```suggestion
| `input_file`  | Will be used as the base SWUpdate configuration when generating `$output_file`. May specify a `suricatta` section (gets merged with generated parameters). If an `identify` section exists it will get replaced. See [upstream SWUpdate docs][swupdate-cfg-docs]. | `/etc/swupdate.cfg` |
```

Author: :+1:
